c:\users\sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\Biblioteca.exe.config
c:\users\sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\Biblioteca.exe
c:\users\sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\Biblioteca.pdb
c:\users\sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.cautarecarte.resources
c:\users\sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.returnarecarte.resources
c:\users\sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.read.1.tlog
c:\users\sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.write.1.tlog
c:\users\sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.exe
c:\users\sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.pdb
c:\users\sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.adaugarecarte.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\baza.mdf
C:\Users\Sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\baza_log.ldf
C:\Users\Sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.form1.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.listacarti.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.adaugarecititor.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.listacititori.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.imprumutcarte.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.cartiimprumutate.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.restante.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.setari.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.cautarecititor.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\Biblioteca.exe.config
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.exe
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.pdb
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\baza.mdf
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\baza_log.ldf
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\Biblioteca.exe
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\Biblioteca.pdb
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.adaugarecarte.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.adaugarecititor.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.cartiimprumutate.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.cautarecarte.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.cautarecititor.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.imprumutcarte.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.listacarti.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.listacititori.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.restante.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.returnarecarte.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.setari.resources
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\ResGen.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Sebi\Desktop\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Sebi\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Sebi\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\Biblioteca.exe.config
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.exe
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.pdb
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\baza.mdf
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\baza_log.ldf
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\Biblioteca.exe
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\bin\Debug\Biblioteca.pdb
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.adaugarecarte.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.adaugarecititor.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.cartiimprumutate.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.cautarecarte.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.cautarecititor.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.Form1.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.imprumutcarte.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.listacarti.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.listacititori.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.restante.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.returnarecarte.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.setari.resources
E:\C#\Biblioteca\Biblioteca\obj\x86\Debug\Biblioteca.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
